[Design] [MIS] MIS of Database Driver Module (#406)
arkinmodi/project-sayyara: docs/Design/SoftDetailedDes/MIS.tex

\newpage

\section{MIS of Database Driver Module} \label{mDBDriver}
\subsection{Module}

schema.prisma

\subsection{Uses}

None

\subsection{Syntax}

\subsubsection{Exported Constants}

None

\subsubsection{Exported Types}

\textbf{Employee}

\begin{table}[H]
	\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
		\hline
		\textbf{Output Name} & \textbf{Output Type}  & \textbf{Description}                  \\
		\hline
		id                   & String                & ID of Employee                        \\
		\hline
		create\_time         & String                & Create Time of Employee Account       \\
		\hline
		update\_time         & String                & Update Time of Employee Account       \\
		\hline
		first\_name          & String                & First Name of Employee                \\
		\hline
		last\_name           & String                & Last Name of Employee                 \\
		\hline

> 		email                & String                & Email of Employee                     \\

Reviewer: add phone number for users

schema.prisma

\subsection{Uses}

None

\subsection{Syntax}

\subsubsection{Exported Constants}

None

\subsubsection{Exported Types}

\textbf{Employee}

\begin{table}[H]
	\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
		\hline
		\textbf{Output Name} & \textbf{Output Type}  & \textbf{Description}                  \\
		\hline
		id                   & String                & ID of Employee                        \\
		\hline
		create\_time         & String                & Create Time of Employee Account       \\
		\hline
		update\_time         & String                & Update Time of Employee Account       \\
		\hline
		first\_name          & String                & First Name of Employee                \\
		\hline
		last\_name           & String                & Last Name of Employee                 \\
		\hline
		phone\_number        & String                & Phone Number of Employee              \\
		\hline
		email                & String                & Email of Employee                     \\
		\hline
		password             & String                & Password of Employee's Account        \\
		\hline
		type                 & String                & Type of User                          \\
		\hline

> 		shop                 & Shop                  & Shop Employee is registered under     \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		shop                 & Shop                  & Shop which Employee is registered under     \\
```

		\hline
		\textbf{Output Name} & \textbf{Output Type}  & \textbf{Description}                  \\
		\hline
		id                   & String                & ID of Customer                        \\
		\hline
		create\_time         & String                & Create Time of Customer Account       \\
		\hline
		update\_time         & String                & Update Time of Customer Account       \\
		\hline
		first\_name          & String                & First Name of Customer                \\
		\hline
		last\_name           & String                & Last Name of Customer                 \\
		\hline
		phone\_number        & String                & Phone Number of Customer              \\
		\hline
		email                & String                & Email of Customer                     \\
		\hline
		password             & String                & Password of Customer's Account        \\
		\hline
		type                 & String                & Type of User                          \\
		\hline
		appointments         & List$<$Appointment$>$ & Appointments assigned to the Customer \\
		\hline
		chat\_messages       & List$<$ChatMessage$>$ & Chat Messages sent by the Customer    \\
		\hline

> 		quotes               & List$<$Quote$>$       & Quotes assigned to the Customer       \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		quotes               & List$<$Quote$>$       & Quotes initiated by the Customer       \\
```

		\hline

> 		vehicles             & List$<$Vehicle$>$     & Vehicles assigned to the Customer     \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		vehicles             & List$<$Vehicle$>$     & Vehicles associated with the Customer     \\
```

		\hline
		create\_time         & String                    & Create Time of Quote     \\
		\hline
		update\_time         & String                    & Update Time of Quote     \\
		\hline
		customer             & Customer                  & Assigned Customer        \\
		\hline
		shop                 & Shop                      & Associated Shop          \\
		\hline
		appointment          & Optional$<$Appointment$>$ & Associated Appointment   \\
		\hline
		chat\_messages       & List$<$ChatMessage$>$     & Associated Chat Messages \\
		\hline
	\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\textbf{ChatMessage}

\begin{table}[H]
	\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
		\hline
		\textbf{Output Name} & \textbf{Output Type} & \textbf{Description}        \\
		\hline
		id                   & String               & ID of Chat Message          \\
		\hline
		create\_time         & String               & Create Time of Chat Message \\
		\hline
		update\_time         & String               & Update Time of Chat Message \\
		\hline
		message              & String               & Chat Message                \\
		\hline
		quote                & Quote                & Associated Quote            \\
		\hline

> 		customer             & Customer             & Assigned Customer           \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		customer             & Customer             & Associated Customer           \\
```

		\hline
		shop                 & Shop                 & Associated Shop             \\
		\hline
	\end{tabular}
\end{table}

\textbf{Vehicle}

\begin{table}[H]
	\begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|}
		\hline
		\textbf{Output Name} & \textbf{Output Type}  & \textbf{Description}                 \\
		\hline
		id                   & String                & ID of the Vehicle                    \\
		\hline
		create\_time         & String                & Create Time of the Vehicle           \\
		\hline
		update\_time         & String                & Update Time of the Vehicle           \\
		\hline
		year                 & $\mathbb{N}$          & Model Year of the Vehicle            \\
		\hline
		make                 & String                & Make of the Vehicle                  \\
		\hline
		model                & String                & Model of the Vehicle                 \\
		\hline
		vin                  & String                & VIN of the Vehicle                   \\
		\hline
		license\_plate       & String                & License Plate of the Vehicle         \\
		\hline

> 		customer             & Customer              & Assigned Customer                    \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		customer             & Customer              & Associated Customer                    \\
```

		\hline
		type                 & String                & Type of User                          \\
		\hline

> 		shop                 & Shop                  & Shop Employee which registered under  \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		shop                 & Shop                  & Shop which Employee is registered under  \\
```
